[Autogenerated] Let's spend a few minutes,
then discuss in B G p for direct connect and site site VI pens.
The first thing we should say then is that B g p is optional for v p n's based.
Required for direct connect both free pens and ____ it.
Connect support public and private autonomous system numbers.
Both of them allow us to use A s path pre pending to influence ruin decisions.
And we can use BTP community attacks to influence through incisions,
specifically the local preference B g p community attack.
With this tag weaken set one of three values.
This first value will be considered low preference.
The second community value a medium preference on its
third community value high preference.
So if we have to pass into our network on we want aws, use one path of the over.
We can advertise the high preference community strings in one direction
on low preference community strings in the other.
Oh,
if I wanted to lower bounds traffic into my network
that I could advertise thesis,
aim community tug in two directions to aid arrests,
forcing them to love balance across my two links.
PGP uses TCP part 179 So we've got to make sure that's enabled
for ingress and egress for our networks.
In AWS, BDP piers cannot be more than one.
Hop away from each other if you'll be GP Connection is shown his idol
and check the I P addresses of local mope ears.
Make sure they're correcting your configuration files.
Check the local, not be GP Autonomous sister Numbers on again.
Make sure you use the appropriate ones and your
configuration files and also check the password.
The password was generated by a dead Wes.
And just like that, I p address is not on the system.
Murders.
Make sure you've used the right password in your configuration in
order to help us get our configuration correct.
Both sides cite V P N's on Direct Connect support
download in a configuration file.
This configuration file contains everything we need to configure
the on premise side of the B G P relationship.
If you're using B G p across your sight sight connection,
make sure the veep internal is okay.
If it's a girl is not up or if it was flapping,
the B G P relationship might not get established.
It's also worth remembering that for the Midwest manage VP ends the veep
internal connection has to be in the shape of on premise.
If your BTP states his idol,
nothing can check is the number of routes advertising PGP
relationships and headed west support a maximum of 100 troops.
If you're trying to advertise more than 100 routes,
consider even advertising default route are using roots organization in this
example of a dress and left on Globe banks on the right.
I'm gonna be GP peering over the established I want to see the bomb.
There is advertising that 10 prefix.
Now I want that to be the preferred path for traffic coming backing to God.
Mannix.
I don't want the roof top to be used in the event of a failure.
So this an example of when we can use a U.
S path pre pending when they're at the top advertised the 10
prefix we can obviously extend the S path length,
make it less desirable as a route towards network 10.
In this example, our route was a globe Mannix.
I received information about the 19 to one's excite
address space from two different directions.
Glove Mannix wants to make sure that traffic traveling
through 192168 network girls for the route with the bomb
and not the route with the top.
Now these two globe Monix rulers have also formed a B G P relationship.
So a stopping BDP information that's part of that internal
relationship we construct what's called a local preference.
Local preference could be used to influence the path that
globe manage sticks the 192 once exact network when
working with local preferences, the highest local preference winds.
So in this example, by setting a preference is 200 on the bottom.
Rouer I'm on 50 for the talk.
The Mannix will prefer the path for the bottom ruler to get
the 192168 network influence in past decisions is complex
and will take time to master, and we're just looking at a few attributes.
The Bt piece apart.
If you want to influence the path traffic takes coming into your network,
use path pre pending or the local preference.
B g P community attack off the to the B G P to attack is newer,
but path pre pending is still supplied if we want to influence
the route traffic checks out of our network,
then use local preferences.
Some systems support an attribute call wait value,
but local preference should be supported by all.
Be GP implementations here.
We've got slightly different configuration for Globe Mannix network.
This time we got Globe Mannix H Q on club on its branch.
I'm Hate Crime Branch for using different autonomous system numbers.
They have a B G p paid, unless you each other under peer relationship.
We've had grass.
Use the information the previous slide.
Try and answer the following questions.
If you need,
you can rewind this video and take a look at the previous slide again.
So question one.
When traffic is traveling from a dead west to the 17 to 16 prefix,
which path will it take?
Question, too.
We chat a bit with you,
read it and on which route in order to change the path to the
17 to 16 prefix and finally question three.
If the pairing connections down between hitch coup on, I digress.
What might you check?
Take a minute.
Got down a couple of answers, so your answer's my have included the question one.
The powerful girl for the Globe on its branch because Global Branch will
be sending a Charlotte s path length than hates Q word.
If you want to change that,
then you did just the path a tribute on the branch office ruler.
By changing the puff attribute,
we can make it longer unless attractive as inbound path.
The 17 to 16 network and question three.
Well, there's lots of things you can check but a game.
Make sure the VPN connections up.
Make sure the parts of open on that using the correct I P addresses passwords, and I taught him a sister numbers.